My name is Chen Jierou.
An ordinary cleaner
But I have a sister who is very good at studying
I sent her to graduate with a master's degree
The hard days are finally going to be over
Yo, I really don't understand these rich people
Waste of food
Hey, hey, miss, you stinky cleaner
You are shared by our Yan family
You receive our Yan's hard-working salary
How dare you scold me
Miss I didn't mean that
You misunderstood.
Do you think waste is
Then you can eat it all
Don't eat?
If you don't eat, I'll fire you
Now I get married with a lot of money
I can't live without this job
Yan Chenxi is too much
Chenxi apologizes wow
I'm Miss Yan's Neighborhood
How can I apologize from him?
I am the president of Yan's Group
As long as I am an employee of Yan's Group, I have great obligations
You apologize immediately
I won't apologize
I hit you
president
It's okay no
sister
Excuse me, I'll take my sister down. Wait a minute.
No, no, no, I'm fine.
This cake is new for you.
I wish you a happy day.
Our president is really handsome and has a good character.
If I were a teenager younger
This must have a crush on his crush